Add delete API docs. (#2504)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/reference/rest-api.md

Name | Type | Description | Default value
--- | --- | --- | ---
**format** | `String` | The output format requested for the response: `json` or `prettyjson` | `prettyjson`

## Delete API

The delete API enables to delete documents matching a query.

### Create a delete task

```

> POST api/v1/<index id>/delete-task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
POST api/v1/<index id>/delete-tasks
```

```

Create a delete task that will delete all documents matching the provided query in the given index `<index id>`.

> This endpoint is available only if the `Janitor` service has started on your Quickwit instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint simply appends your delete task to the delete task queue in the metastore. The deletion will eventually be executed provided a janitor service is running on your Quickwit cluster.
```
